So Stanford has a research method called
storm, which has actually been shown in
peer-reviewed testing to produce
articles 25% more organized than the
next best method. So I put all of those
storm principles into my own Claude
skill, which I'm going to give you guys
for completely free, and you end up with
the result that looks like this. It is
an HTML briefing that has been put
together by five different perspectives
of agents, and it has been verified.
Meaning if I scroll down to the bottom,
you can see that the different
perspectives are giving analysis on each
parts of the report. But at the very
bottom, you can see that we have
different sources that have been
confirmed, corrected, or demoted.
Meaning on the first pass, the briefing
would have had information in here that
just wasn't correct. But because our
skill works in all this verification, on
V2, we can have a lot more faith in this
output. So the whole idea of storm is
that instead of just shooting off one
prompt and having one angle of research,
we are utilizing a bunch of different
angles. Because if you just send off one
prompt to Claude, there's going to be a
bunch of blind spots in that research
plan. So storm utilizes these five
perspectives. We've got a practitioner,
an academic, a skeptic, an economist,
and a historian. And each angle finds a
hole that the other angles miss. And
this whole idea of having different
agents kind of like role-play their own
personalities and their own, you know,
backgrounds with different areas of
expertise, is really, really beneficial.
If you've seen other videos where I've
talked about something like the roast
skill, or how I like to use agent teams
to basically be a council, it's really,
really helpful to identify different
perspectives and, like I said, find
holes that the other angles are going to
miss. And so let me just show you a real
quick example of why that's so
beneficial. So Claude code natively has
a feature called deep research, which
launched with the dynamic workflows. So
if you come into Claude and you do a
deep research command like this, you
will basically be able to enter a
research topic and it will spin up a
dynamic workflow, which will kick off
hundreds of agents in the background. I
think in this example, there was 103
different agents running. So this will
give you a pretty solid deep research
report. As you can see here at the
bottom, it didn't actually give me any
output, it just internalized all that.
So I said, "Where's the report?" It gave
me this markdown file, which is decent,
but it's really not that thorough, and
there's not as many sources as we'd
like. There's only two up here, and then
there's a few more unconfirmed down here
at the bottom, as well as some open
questions. And then I took this exact
prompt that I asked in the deep
research, and I put it into a Storm
skill. So, I said, "Hey, Storm research,
do this." And it said, "Okay, cool.
Here's the topic. I'm going to run the
Storm pipeline now. I ran these five
agents." As you can see, the
practitioner, the academic, the skeptic,
the economist, and the historian were
converging all of that stuff together,
we're seeing where they disagree, and
then we're going to run six more agents,
which are going to verify all those
facts that you just found.
Verification's done, and now you have
this HTML report, which is consistently
going to look like this every time with
a 60-second summary key findings. And
all of these key findings are also
ranked by reliability. You can see right
here, reliability high, nine out of 10.
This one was supported by the academic
and the skeptic, and it was challenged
by the practitioner and the economist.
And it goes like this throughout the
rest of the entire HTML report here. It
also calls out the assumption that this
briefing rests on and the missing six
lens. All five lenses look at the firm
from the owner's chair, adoption rates,
productivity, ROI. None of them sat in
the seat of the customer or the
frontline employee. So, that's the
missing sixth lens here, and I would
then just say, "Okay, cool. Spin up that
sixth lens, and run a V3 of this HTML
report." And then it gives us really
practical takeaways here. And what's
cool about this is compared to something
like the deep research, which is just
going to basically give you a brain dump
of a bunch of stats it found, the Storm
research can really be tailored towards
you. You can go into the skill and say,
"Hey, here's what I'm doing. Here's my
business. Here's what our goals are."
Every time you run a Storm research
report, make it tailored towards us, you
know, what do we actually want to do
differently now that you've understood
all of this new data and research. And
so, in this specific example with the
deep research and the Storm, I put this
into Codex, so a completely different AI
model, and I said, "Hey, which one's
better?" And it came back and said the
HTML briefing is better. It's got better
evidence quality, it's much stronger,
it's got much stronger source diversity,
it's got a much stronger thesis, It's
more actionable. It's got better risk
control, and it's better for video and
content. So, in all six of these
categories here, Codex thought that the
HTML briefing was better, and I don't
know the exact metrics here on cost, but
the storm research was faster to run,
and it was 100% cheaper because in this
case we ran about What was this? Maybe
12 agents total, whereas the deep
research report this time, this ran like
over 100 agents. Maybe I should take a
little easy on the steep research run
because it did get hit by API rate
limits, but that's also another point of
like if you're going to spin up that
many agents at one time, you might get
rate limited. Whereas with the storm,
you know it's always going to be your
five personas. So, anyways, I think you
guys now understand the value of this
report. Let me show you real quick how
this actually works and how to get the
skill. So, there's basically four
prompts. The first one is where we tell
it to spin up the five different
angles, right? We've got these five
which I've talked about. That's prompt
one. You would just enter in your
research topic. And then when that comes
back, you would enter in prompt two,
which is the contradiction map. So, it's
saying, "Hey, where do the perspectives
contradict each other? Which one has
good evidence? Which one has weak
evidence?" And basically makes them
analyze each other's outputs. And so,
what we're doing here is we're basically
just chaining together four prompts in a
row, and then we're getting synthesis,
and then we're getting the peer review.
So, what I decided to do was I ran that
on its own. It worked great. And I said,
"Cool, package all of that into a skill
so I can literally just give you a
prompt, give you a topic, and you do
that entire thing for me, and you're
going to give me a consistent template
so that every time I run this you're
going to give me an HTML report that
always looks like this." So, what that
now looks like is in my dot Claude, I've
got a bunch of skills as you can see.
And if I go to my storm research skill
and I open up the skill.md, this is what
we've got. So, the storm research, it
turns one topic into a verified
multi-perspective HTML briefing. It
simulates five expert lenses on the
topic, maps where they contradict each
other, synthesizes everything into a
single self-contained HTML report, then
adversarially peer reviews its own
outputs, and verifies every citation
against its primary source before
delivering. You'll also notice that in
the skill we have a report template
HTML, so you guys I will also give you
guys this for completely free. This is
referenced in the skill and says, "Hey,
once you find all the information, just
put it in HTML and make sure it always
looks like this." So, that's just for
consistency on on my end, and I really
enjoy that. So, I'm going to keep going
down and explaining how this works, but
if you guys do want to go ahead and grab
these two resources, just head over to
my free school community. The link for
that is down in the description. All you
have to do is get in here, click on
classroom, and click on all YouTube
resources, and you'll be able to find
every single YouTube video and all of
the resources that I've dropped
associated with them. Once again, that's
completely free to join. Once you have
that skill, all you have to do is
you can give that markdown file and the
HTML file to Claude and say, "Hey,
Claude, this is a skill called storm
research. Put this in the .Claude
folder, and then
you're pretty much set up." And if you
guys don't know what a skill is, it's
basically just a prompt. This is
basically just a master prompt that
every time I say, "Hey, Claude, do storm
research for me," it's going to invoke
this skill, it's going to read the whole
thing, and then just run it for you. So,
it's very hands-off once you've
basically installed them. And yes, this
skill can work with codex or any other
different type of agent you want. It's
just that in Claude, it specifically has
to be in the .Claude folder. But, you
can see here I've got a folder called
.codex or .agents, and you can put
different skills in different types of
folders based on the coding agent you're
using. This currently is just a Claude
code tutorial. So, anyways, from there,
phase zero is to scope the topic.
Sometimes, if you don't give it a
specific enough topic, it will ask a few
questions before it goes ahead and kicks
off the storm. Then, it spins up the
five expert lenses in parallel, and then
we go into mapping the contradictions,
synthesizing the report, and then the
adversarial peer review verification,
and that's where we get our output. So,
let me just open up the Claude desktop
app and start a new session here. And
I'm just going to say,
"Hey, Claude, please run a storm
research for me on voice AI agents."
And so, what you'll notice here is I
didn't use a slash command, so it will
still invoke the skill. And what you'll
also notice is that
this isn't very specific, so it might
ask us some questions. Right here you
can see it says, "Okay, running the
skill storm research." So, that's how it
went ahead and looks through storm
research. And the argument that it's
currently aware of is voice AI agents.
It comes back and says, "Okay, so here's
the topic, here is the reader." And it
knows that I am an AI educator and I am
deciding on potentially whether voice AI
agents are worth a video or if it's just
hype. So, the pipeline is now running.
If I open up this, you can see it is
going to kick off those five agents, the
practitioner, the academic, the skeptic,
and all of the other ones that we need.
And what's really cool is you can click
in and see what they're doing. So, if I
click on the economist, for example,
this is the prompt that our main session
kicked off to this subagent. So, now we
can see the subagent down here is
browsing the web. It's using a tool.
It's doing research. We can click on the
academic. We can see this is the
academic prompt. And once again, the
academic subagent is, you know, doing
all the stuff down here. Now, while this
is running, let me quickly explain the
difference between having subagents and
having agent teams. So, subagents is
basically where we have one main
session. So, this session right here,
this is Claude. This is who we're
talking to. And all of these subagents
are working for this main session. So,
the main session talks to these five,
but these five cannot talk to each
other. And that is an important
distinction because that's what you
actually have in the agent team world.
You can spin up teams of agents or
councils of agents that can not only
talk to your main session, but they can
also talk to each other. And that's
really cool because what I like to do is
I like to spin up agent teams when I
need help deciding on certain ideas or
topics. And I'll have them not only do
research for me, but then I'll have them
debate with each other. So, they'll
literally argue with each other until
they reach some sort of consensus. Agent
teams are much more expensive than
subagents though. So, important
distinction. I'll bring more videos on
agent teams later, but if you do want to
check out a deep dive, check out this
video that I've tagged right up here.
And also, if you want to check out
another video where I've deep dived even
more on subagents, then you can check
out this video right up here. Now, you
can see all of these subagents ran on
Opus 4.8. If you don't want to do that,
you don't have to. You can have all of
these sub-agents run on Haiku or Sonnet
if you like. But in this case, I liked
for them to run on Opus. But all five
lenses are in, so now it's going to go
ahead and look at the contradictions. So
you can see it's reading that file,
which is the report template. It's
running these agents in the background,
and now it's going to start verifying
all of those different citations and
stats and the different things that our
initial passive agents had come up with.
Also, I know in this video I have
switched between the Claude desktop app
a little bit with VS Code. If you guys
have been watching me for a while, you
know that I typically do like to do most
of my work in VS Code. Um Claude
basically works the exact same way in
both. It's just a difference of UI,
really. But the reason I chose to show
some of this video today in the desktop
app is because I thought it's cool to
show the actual agents running in here.
But you can see that our report has come
back, so let me actually just open this
up in a browser. You can see this is the
V2 version, so everything has been
verified. If I scroll all the way to the
bottom, you can see the sources were
either demoted, corrected, or confirmed,
so that is great. We've got our
60-second summary. We've got our key
findings, which obviously once again are
ranked by reliability. So what I would
recommend for you guys to do is go grab
the skill, put it into your own Claude,
and play with it a little bit. Make it a
little bit more tailored towards you.
Maybe you can play with the HTML report
if you want it to look a certain way.
But then do it on a topic that you do
know a lot about and that's important to
you in your business. And then just read
through it and see where you need to
improve it or change it up a little bit.
And maybe you even want to add a sixth
lens or a seventh lens. Maybe for me and
my workflow, it would be helpful to add
like a beginner in AI because that's a
lot of people that we're teaching our
beginners in AI. Or maybe it would be
good for me to add to the skill a
content creator or something like that.
So I guess the reason why I'm saying
that is because I think what you should
take away overall from the video is,
yes, go grab the Storm skill and test it
out, but it's also less about this
specific skill and this specific
Stanford method being the best for
everybody, but I think the theories that
you can pull out of it like the idea
that the more perspectives you have
doing research and contradicting each
other, the better and more holistic
research you're actually going to get.
Basically, just the whole idea of if you
don't have subject matter expertise, see
if you can borrow it in some way. See if
you can go ahead and kill your own blind
spots, find the gaps in your knowledge,
and go use agents to create little
experts all over so that you've got this
council of agents that have different
expertise and different knowledge that
that have your back, no matter what
you're doing. So, I know this was a
quick one today, but hopefully you guys
enjoyed it or you learned something new.
If you did, please give it a like. It
helps me out a ton. And as always, I
appreciate you guys made it to the end
of the video, and I'll see you on the
next one.
Thanks, guys.